So in the previous part, what we learned is about creating constructor and creating two methods.
We created already two methods generating said department.
Now.
Let us see what we are going to move further.
So for this, I'm going to explain.
Oh.
We can create random password here to generate.
Random password.
Mitt.
I'm going to put your name as like that.
Then again, Private.
Or I'm considering your string only.
Generate.
Password.
No.
What I'm going to do.
I'm going to put here some parameter integer length, because I want to specify the length of that password.
Lend.
Then I will create one exciting material.
It is random.
So if you know there is one in Java until there is a class called random, which I already know, it
will be helpful to create some random thing inside Java.
You can print any random number using this or you can generate any random string.
So first I'm going to put your string.
Capital characters can be.
Capital characters because we want to create some set of capital characters here.
So A to Z, capital A to Z, A, B, C like that.
So that's it.
We are done with capital letters.
No.
Or we will put similarly small letters.
So I'm pressing your control.
Just control the output.
Copy that part.
And small characters.
And I'm going to put all small.
So we are done with small characters.
Now I want to put numbers because there are numbers also in passwords, phone numbers.
Is equal to.
029.
Now some symbols.
So what I'm doing, I'm creating some sets, as you can see, of the strings.
Like these are strings only, but for symbolic set capital letters, characters, small character sets
for the symbols.
I'm considering all the symbols.
Like explanation added hashtag then dollar symbol per cent and symbol.
And again, question mark.
Question mark is also the question mark.
Then value.
Value is basically just what is the what we can say syntax of over this.
So what it will be considering here is all capital characters plus all small characters.
It's small characters.
Small birds.
Loss numbers, loss symbols.
So we are done with what is the syntax of our.
It will include capital, small characters, numbers, symbols.
These are the four of the system default passwords.
These for system default password.
Now let's move with further how we can generate some random.
First, create string for password.
Would you return to the null?
Because first time it is null.
Then it will append some password here.
Then for for use for loop integer i instant variable again to loop it.
I slash length length.
I use your length.
I plus plus simple for loop now.
Use this password is equal to password.
What it will do.
It will put that values characters at.
Index.
Then.
Ah, now remember, what is the ah ah is for that random method it will choose any random thing from
that all the sets and it will put inside this so random dot next int, next int.
Because for this it will choose next int then.
Or inside this next st values dot.
Lent because it will stop at that length, but also.
And it includes return.
Password.
So what it will be do the significance of this is this will take this from.
This all sets now password will assign with password plus what is at that values character at correct
which character is one random next?
It will choose random from this.
Also the random position of that password values dot length.
In that length it will put that password.
So now I'm not giving the fixed length for this, but for that purpose it will choose the simple length
here.
As I mentioned here, we will see in the next part.
So this is for the random password generating random password method.
Now I want to create the specific which is change password method.
Change password method.
Now in changed password method.
I want to set it to public now.
Why will you tell that it should be public?
You are all creating that private part and this is only public.
While so change password is for user, not for the system.
User will change that password.
Again, I'm going to use some private strings here, but it should be public for the user.
Significance.
So set password again.
This is I'm going to set to the void return type word because it will return nothing.
It will just print.
Now I want to create some loop here.
The thing is, before like set password, you know, do you want to choose or change your password and
press y?
And then similarly like that I want to create your condition.
Boolean leg.
Is equal to false.
Similarly we created for that same department similarly for this also.
Then do loop your Dubai loop system.
Lord in.
Do you want to?
Change your password.
That part.
Why Slash and why Slash and.
So much in.
So it will ask for a user.
Now let us see.
What is we can do is care.
Joycelyn.
I'm creating character here.
Remember, this is.
These are the end for that department.
It isn't.
Now I'm creating for the character.
Character choice is equal to is not.
Next for the character is for that scan.
The room scanner is dot next.
Now what it will do if a user is putting yes or something like that, then it will return some error
to avoid that error.
What I can do.
Just choose the first character.
So what I can do is.
Is dot next dot character at zero zero index without index in.
We all know about a restaurant form zero.
Similarly, that character starts ordering start from zero.
So character at zero.
Then if.
Choice.
Choice is equal to is equal to Y.
Or I can say if choice.
Is equal to is equal to small white.
Our condition.
I just put our condition here.
Small way.
What it will be do is it's like it's true once flag is true.
It will stop that part.
Also do y.
So I'm just putting flags equal to two here.
Enter current password, so it shouldn't be asked for current password.
Also, it will not match.
It will do the that new password and all things.
So enter current password.
So this is one of the what we can say is most our biggest part of our project Safe Password.
Then string.
I'm going to create some temporary variable.
To assign that and bring.
That part and pudding next for the user.
Again, if if it's equal to that that password.
Theme.
Dot.
Sorry.
Yes.
Dot equals.
This not password.
Or it will be us.
It will ask about a new password system.
Not don't bring talent.
Under New.
Password.
And once this is entered.
What it can do is this distort.
Password.
It will just append to this.
It's not next.
It will happen to that part.
And it will bring sunscreen, dot, dot, Ritalin.
Password.
Changed.
The 50.
We will change the password successfully.
Password change?
Now, if password is wrong, if your password is wrong, this is wrong.
So else.
Or it will be put.
Incorrect password.
Steam dot dot.
Printed in.
Incorrect.
Fast forward.
Now, if what if the choice is not this or that purpose, I'm going to create another thing.
ElseIf You know that LC is another in the letter.
Like that I will create.
You're also.
Wait a minute.
Where is that?
Okay.
Okay, okay.
So what is wrong?
Thing is I did is ls it will should start from own.
ElseIf.
Choice.
Is equal to is equal to.
And our.
Chance.
Is equal to, is equal to and small in.
You just like is equal to.
Or through.
To remove from that loop part.
I will bring in dot dot intel and.
Password.
And.
Option.
Cancel.
That's it.
No.
I will create some default thing here like else.
Enter system.
Dot.
Dot, dot.
Println.
Like interview choice or something.
And after this, I will end with similar condition like flag.
And that's it.
Now we are done with our set person.
This is the biggest part, as you know, in this.
So what I did is.
I created here.
Password method.
Public void said password.
Boolean flag is equal to false with the do by loop.
I first put that.
Do you want to change your password?
Yes or no?
Then I will enter from the user.
I will ask for user to press wire.
And if the user presses y.
It will change that password, but before that it will ask for a current password.
If that current password matches with that old password like you are putting, it will proceed with
the new password.
If not, it will give the incorrect.
And if you are pressing in, then it will.
That option will be cancelled.
Or else if you are putting some different like y other than y or in or something, it will ask for enter
validators.
And then I'm executing that loop, exiting that loop.
So similarly for that, I'm going to create some set about mailbox capacity, then for alternate mail,
then displaying the information of the user, then store the file and every method.
So that's it.